refactor: remove support for client registration access tokens (#2151)
inrupt/solid-client-authn-js: CHANGELOG.md

The following changes have been implemented but not released yet:

### Breaking Changes

> 

Author: Have added note of the drop of Node 12 support here, will push before merge

The following changes have been implemented but not released yet:

### Breaking Changes

- Support for Node.js v12.x has been dropped as that version has reached
  end-of-life.

> - We've removed support for the registrationAccessToken / initialAccessToken
>   when performing dynamic client registration. This feature wasn't fully
>   implemented, and does not really make sense for Dynamic Client Registration in
>   the context of Solid — you're probably better
>   off using a [Public Client Identifier
>   Document](https://docs.inrupt.com/developer-tools/javascript/client-libraries/tutorial/authenticate-client/)

Reviewer: May I suggest we move this into bugfixes as it's really a cleanup for a not fully implemented functionality. I'm going to tweak the text a bit
```suggestion
- We've cleaned up dynamic client resgistration  by removing 
  support for the registrationAccessToken / initialAccessToken
  when performing the registration flow as this feature was never fully
  implemented. For Solid apps we recommend the use 
  of a [Public Client Identifier
  Document](https://docs.inrupt.com/developer-tools/javascript/client-libraries/tutorial/authenticate-client/)
```
